I could do it you know take off catch us
maybe not
Gail Gail I'm your biggest fan oh my
gosh you and Katniss all the ways we
should probably get to the logos right
now yeah
welcome welcome the time has come to
select one unfortunate young man and
woman for the honor of being slaughtered
on live television for our enjoyment in
the 74th annual Hunger Games which
surprisingly has nothing to do with food
so first year my name is Ivan and there
once Koerner gonna pick you
oh hi whoops
now that's ironic
nice choice isn't Kyle please do I smell
a best-seller Primrose Everdeen wait
wait hi balls here
eze vodka I mean tribute
our tributes Peeta Mellark and Katniss
Everdeen
you just want to show that's all they
want just 24 of us Gale no one comes out
unless you know it comes down to each
other did you publish her Bolivian
nothing on rates all business days
nobody to use mine does it he's off
value the districts and I just keep
wishing that I could think of a way to
show them that they don't know me if I'm
gonna die I want to still be me
so I'm gonna do it
oh these are really nice shoes
I just can't afford to think like that
eight seven six five four three two one
why Katniss this is cold even for you